Little Bainiang, come with me
Who are you, Yang Zi, the Spanish name
Unexpectedly, the No. 1 expert in the Intermediate Academy was so weak that he died
It's a waste of my drunken dragon fragrance, hahaha, what are you laughing at?
The only drunken dragon fragrance in the world
Use it on me
The prince will be safe. You're crazy
Do you know what you're about to face?
Wait for him
He's fine
Really bad luck
pity
You become yourself as you go on in life.
Your Highness is reluctant to kill me
Please try it.
Kill me!
Your beloved Concubine Xiao has never looked back
Doing what?
Your Highness is not good, Your Highness
Xiaofei, he is missing, go find him
Dad, what's wrong with him?
Didn't you always dislike him and refuse to marry him?
Then I'll help him. You don't sleep.
Find someone to sleep for you
Don't you dare